How could he not be like this?
Our bitter seedlings have dropped by the limit
20 pieces of rice is so fried
Brother Liu, our money is all gone
Liu shi
I have all the water curtains for my money
You must have a way
You will definitely help me, right?
shut up
I paid more than you.
What to do, what to do, what to do with me
Damn you bitch
Who the hell are you unlucky with? What's it to me?
All sold
The funds have arrived.
Oh, it's a miracle.
Hey ride the wind
How do you know there's going to be a terrorist attack?
You Guo Fuwu
I just guessed
Oh, maybe I'm the one.
This luck is better
Once or twice can unclog
You can guess three times in a row.
You still say that you are not a god?
Hey, the car is far away.
Then I'm just lucky
In addition to this stock market
Have a little experience
It's time to take back control